EDU-1043/1048: get Cloud Account Id and generate-certificates commands (#2297)
temporalio/documentation: docs-src/cloud/tcld/generate-certificates/end-entity-certificate.md

---
id: end-entity-certificate
title: tcld generate-certificates end-entity-certificate
sidebar_label: end-entity-certificate
description: Generate end-entity (leaf) certificates with tcld.
tags:
  - tcld
  - cli-reference
---

The `tcld generate-certificates end-entity-certificate` command generates end-entity (leaf) certificates for Temporal Cloud.

`tcld generate-certificates end-entity-certificate <modifiers>`

Alias: `leaf`

The following modifiers control the behavior of the command.

#### --organization

Specify an organization name for certificate generation.

Alias: `--org`

**Example**

```bash
tcld generate-certificates end-entity-certificate --organization <value>
```

> #### --organizaation-unit

Reviewer: Please tell me that this option is actually named `--organization-unit` 🤞🏼.

> Specify the name of the organization unit (optional).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optional: Specify the name of the organization unit.
```
Per https://developers.google.com/style/procedures#optional-steps, although IIRC we specify required modifiers rather than optional modifiers.

**Example**

```bash
tcld generate-certificates end-entity-certificate --organization-unit <value>
```

#### --validity-period

> Specify the duration for which the certificate is valid for.
> Format values as d/h (e.g. 30d10h for a certificate lasting 30 days and 10 hours.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify the duration for which the certificate is valid.
Format values as d/h (for example, `30d10h` for a certificate lasting 30 days and 10 hours).
```
Perhaps change "d/h" to `#d#h`? Or something similar?

Alias: `-d`

**Example**

```bash
tcld generate-certificates end-entity-certificate --validity-period <value>
```

#### --ca-certificate-file

> Specify the path of the x509 CA certificate for the certificate authority.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify the path of the X.509 CA certificate for the certificate authority.
```

Alias: `--ca-cert`

**Example**

```bash
tcld generate-certificates end-entity-certificate --ca-certificate-file <path>
```

#### --ca-key-file

Specify the path of the private key for the certificate authority.

Alias: `--ca-key`

**Example**

```bash
tcld generate-certificates end-entity-certificate --ca-key-file <path>
```

#### --certificate-file

> Specify a path where the generated x509 leaf certificate file will be stored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify a path where the generated X.509 leaf certificate file will be stored.
```
